bpmn/performance: Add comments on Message Start Events (#94)
libremfg/libremfg.github.io: content/how-to/bpmn/tune-performance.md

Where possible, prefer exclusive branching and sequential execution.
When a task requires concurrency, keep the amount of data processed and the complexity of the tasks to the minimum necessary.

> ### Check Wildcards in Message Start events
> 
> BPMN message start tasks can start on any topic or datasource, however the performance of these events can vary depending on their configuration.
> If you have numerous message start tasks you may find that subscribing to an exact topic or limiting the subscription to a single wildcard will
> dramatically reduce the performance impact.
> 
> ### Avoid loops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Check Wildcards in Message Start events

BPMN message start tasks can start on any topic or data source. However, performance varies with the events that the start task subscribes to.

Subscribing to multiple wildcards can especially drag performance.
To avoid a possible performance hit, try to subscribe to an exact topic, or limit subscriptions to a single wildcard.

### Avoid loops
```
```suggestion
### Check Wildcards in Message Start events

BPMN message start tasks can start on any topic or datasource, however the performance of these events can vary depending on their configuration.
If you have numerous message start tasks you may find that subscribing to an exact topic or limiting the subscription to a single wildcard will
dramatically reduce the performance impact.

### Avoid loops
```
